Frontend Engineer
Frontend Engineer
Regatta Data
Binyamina, Haifa District, Israel
See who Regatta Data has hired for this role
See who Regatta Data has hired for this role
We are a team of veteran entrepreneurs and software engineers. We have been working together in the field of data management for 20+ years. During that period, we have gained a track record of building successful enterprises that have created outstanding value for team members, investors, and customers. Regatta develops, from scratch, a high-end mission-critical, extreme performance, distributed transactional and analytical database that brings simplicity alongside powerful features.
The Role
The Regatta Connect team builds and maintains the ecosystem around RegattaDB. We are looking for a frontend engineer to design, develop and evolve the UI of RegattaDB's external management system, that facilitates both the Regatta Cloud (DBaaS) platform and on-prem deployments, and enables seamless access to RegattaDB. As a Frontend Engineer at Regatta, you'll be responsible for creating intuitive interfaces for complex data products and delivering high-quality, scalable UI components and user experiences in close collaboration with product and backend teams.
Everybody at Regatta, regardless of experience, has full ownership of the product's architecture and design, software development, and quality assurance. In addition to hands-on software engineering, we encourage leadership, communication, teamwork, and cooperation.
Requirements
Must Have
- Deep proficiency in React, TypeScript, and JavaScript (ES6+)
- Mastery of HTML5 and CSS3 (including modern layouts like Flexbox/Grid and CSS-in-JS or Tailwind)
- Experience with Figma (working with graphic designers)
- High UI/UX intuition (eye for typography, spacing, coloring and notion)
- Ability to navigate the backend and manage data layers to ensure seamless integration between the UI and server-side logic
- Fast learner with a passion for new technologies
- Strong analytical skills with a systematic and execution-focused mindset
- High level of independence, personal drive and ambition
- Fluent in English
- BSc in a relevant field
- Experience developing customer facing management platforms
- Familiarity with GitOps and containerization (e.g., Docker)
Regatta's offices are conveniently located right near the Binyamina train station.
-
Seniority level
Entry level -
Employment type
Full-time -
Job function
Engineering -
Industries
IT Services and IT Consulting
Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Regatta Data by 2x
See who you knowSimilar jobs
People also viewed
-
CPU CAD Front-End Engineer, Google Cloud
CPU CAD Front-End Engineer, Google Cloud
-
Senior PHP Developer
Senior PHP Developer
-
PHP Developer
PHP Developer
-
PHP Back End Developer
PHP Back End Developer
Explore top content on LinkedIn
Find curated posts and insights for relevant topics all in one place.
View top content