Dor Lazarov
Product Manager with 4 years of experience
Lazamal@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dor-lazarov-65601287
My Product portfolio
Tel-Aviv, Israel
054-9732735
SUMMARY
Product Manager with over 4 years of experience leading web and mobile application products in EdTech and SportTech. Skilled at working cross-
functionally with developers, designers, and stakeholders to deliver user-centered products in resource-constrained environments. 
Strong background in educational and youth-focused organizations, bringing a mission-driven mindset and a hands-on approach to agile
development. 
Looking for product management roles in a fast pace start-up company
EXPERIENCE
Drorsoft - Coding Your Dreams
Product Manager
2025 - present
Tel-Aviv
Product:
Led the product launch, development, and specification of a personal management
system commissioned by a company client.
Eliminating the need for outsourced services and generating annual savings of over ₪10,000
for the client.
Conducted in-depth user behavior analysis and research, resulting in a 30% improvement in
workflow efficiency and higher tool adoption across departments.
Applied MoSCoW prioritization and Value vs. Effort Matrix to define and scope high-impact
features, accelerating delivery time by 20% and minimizing development overhead.
Authored clear, developer-friendly Product Requirement Documents (PRDs), reducing back-
and-forth communication and cutting development time by an estimated 15%.
Hanoar Haoved vehalomed - Ed-Tech & youth education
Product Manager
2023-2025
Tel-Aviv
product:
Led the development of a cross-platform content management system (CMS) for youth
instructors, available on desktop web, iOS, and Android. Built in an agile environment
using Jira and Figma, user behavior is tracked via Mixpanel.
Cutting 40 admin hours/month and saving ₪8000 in monthly fees.
Managed the full product lifecycle — from writing specifications and leading testing efforts to
overseeing development and successful deployment of new features, contributing to a 15%
reduction in post-deployment bugs.
  • Overseeing sprint development meetings and collaborating with
     developers and designers.
Hachaluz - sport organization
“Hachaluz” is an organization that bases its sales and profits around 
 Organizing community sports events using technological solutions
Junior product manager
2021- 2023
Tel-Aviv
Product:
Led the development of a web-based app for managing community soccer leagues, including
team registration, scheduling, and live score tracking.
Built in an Agile environment with a cross-functional team using tools like Jira, Figma, and
implemented tools like Google Analytics , Hotjar.  Wrote beautiful specs, planned features,
gathered user feedback, and managed delivery across the full product lifecycle
Generated over 100,000 ₪ in revenue in the first year by streamlining operations and
enhancing the user experience for league organizers and participants.
Drove 100% year-over-year growth in product sales by leveraging user insights from
Google Analytics and Hotjar to optimize features and user experience in close collaboration
with a cross-functional Agile team.
Defined product strategy, wrote detailed specs, gathered user feedback, and prioritized
features—resulting in a 40% increase in user engagement and high retention across
seasons.PASSIONS
Gamer
Sport Teams
As a passionate gamer,  I
possess a solid
understanding of various
scoring and ranking
systems. I excel at viewing
situations from the
perspectives of players,
viewers, and other
stakeholders.
Basketball player
Former children coach
E-Sports fan
SKILLS
Product strategy | User research | Stakeholder
Management | Problem Solving | Product Launch
Managment | Agile/Scrum | Jira | Figma | Confluence |
Analytics  | Databases | SQL | HTML CSS | JavaScript |
Python | Roadmapping
EDUCATION
Technion - Israel Institute of Technology
Product management
Jan 2021 - May 2021
Beit Berl College
Bachelor of education - BEd, education
Man 2015 -Jan 2022
LANGUAGES
Hebrew
Native
English
Proficient
Japanese
Learning